README.md, before:

# Mini HRMS System

## Project Overview
This is a **Mini HRMS System** built with the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js). It provides core functionalities to manage employees, attendance, leave requests, and payroll calculations. The system includes secure login, role-based access control, and a user-friendly interface.

### Core Features:
- **Employee Management**: Manage employee records with CRUD operations.
- **Attendance System**: Track employee attendance with check-in and check-out functionality.
- **Leave Management**: Apply for leave, approve/reject leave requests, and store leave records.
- **Payroll Calculation**: Calculate salary based on attendance and leave status.
- **Role-based Authentication**: Different access levels for HR and employees using JWT authentication.

---

## How to Install & Run Locally

### Prerequisites:
Ensure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14 or higher)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (either local installation or MongoDB Atlas for cloud)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) for API testing (optional)

### Backend Setup:
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/premprakashgupta/k_and_a_assignment.git

2. ```bash
    npm run build
3. ```bash
    npm run start
4. visit: http://localhost:5000


### dont forget to put your mongodb url


admin credential: email: admin@gmail.com pass: 12345
employee credential: email: employee@gmail.com pass: 12345

Commit message:

comlplete update,add student and delete student

README.md, after:

# Student Management Syatem

## Project Overview
This is a **Student Management System** built with the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js). It provides core functionalities to manage students. The system includes secure login, role-based access control, and a user-friendly interface.

### Core Features:
- **Student Management System**: Manage student records with CRUD operations.
- **Role-based Authentication**: Different access levels for HR and employees using JWT authentication.

---

## How to Install & Run Locally

### Prerequisites:
Ensure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14 or higher)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (either local installation or MongoDB Atlas for cloud)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) for API testing (optional)

### Backend Setup:
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/premprakashgupta/k_and_a_assignment.git

2. ```bash
    npm run build
3. ```bash
    npm run start
4. visit: http://localhost:5000


### dont forget to put your mongodb url


admin credential: email: prem.com0011@gmail.com pass: 123456
